Clarify active user restrictions (#33555)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/license/license-restrictions.md

- An editor is a user who has permission to edit and save a dashboard. Examples of editors are as follows:
    - Grafana server administrators.
    - Users who are assigned an organization role of Editor or Admin.

>     - Users who have been granted admin or edit permissions at the dashboard or folder level. Refer to [Dashboard and folder permissions]({{< relref "../../permissions/dashboard-folder-permissions.md" >}}). This means that even if a user has the role "viewer," they will be counted as an editor if they have permission to edit/admin a dashboard or folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Users who have been granted admin or edit permissions at the dashboard or folder level. Refer to [Dashboard and folder permissions]({{< relref "../../permissions/dashboard-folder-permissions.md" >}}). This means that even if a user is assigned to an organization role of Viewer they will be counted as an editor.
```
Two minor suggestion:
1. Say "if a user is assigned to an organization role of Viewer" instead of "if a user has the role "viewer," to be consistent within this doc.
2. Remove "if they have permission to edit/admin a dashboard or folder" as it is already mentioned in the first sentence.

- A viewer is a user with the Viewer role, which does not permit the user to save a dashboard.

> Some details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional details:
```

> - When the number of maximum active viewers or editors is reached, only those currently-active users can sign in. New users or non-active users cannot sign in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the number of maximum active viewers or editors is reached, only those currently active users can sign in. New users or non-active users cannot sign in. 
```
Not sure if the dash is required? 🤔

- A license limit banner will appear to admins when Grafana reaches its active user limit. Editors and viewers will not see the banner.

> - To see how many active users you have in each billing role (Viewer or Editor/Admin), refer to the Licensing page in the Server Admin section of Grafana, which is located at `[your-grafana-url.com]/admin/licensing`. Please note that _billing_ roles can differ from the Active Viewer/Editor/Admin counts on the /admin/stats page in Grafana. This is because the Stats page only counts a user's assigned org role and does not account for dashboard and folder permissions.

Reviewer: I don't see if we define what is billing role elsewhere. Wouldn't this be confusing? Perhaps it makes sense to define it in one of the above paragraphs, e.g. under `### Active users limit`

Author: Good point @vardan, did so and updated the name to "licensed role" based on a [conversation with the docs team](https://raintank-corp.slack.com/archives/C5PG2JK8W/p1619787636165400).

> - To see how many active users you have in each billing role (Viewer or Editor/Admin), refer to the Licensing page in the Server Admin section of Grafana, which is located at `[your-grafana-url.com]/admin/licensing`. Please note that _billing_ roles can differ from the Active Viewer/Editor/Admin counts on the /admin/stats page in Grafana. This is because the Stats page only counts a user's assigned org role and does not account for dashboard and folder permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To see how many active users you have in each billing role (Viewer or Editor/Admin), refer to the Licensing page in the Server Admin section of Grafana, which is located at `[your-grafana-url.com]/admin/licensing`. Please note that _billing_ roles can differ from the Active Viewer/Editor/Admin counts on the /admin/stats page in Grafana. This is because the Stats page only counts a user's assigned organization role and does not account for dashboard and folder permissions.
```

> - Restrictions are applied separately for viewers and editors. If a Grafana instance reaches its limit of active viewers but not its limit of active editor/admins,  new editors and admins will still be able to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restrictions are applied separately for viewers and editors. If a Grafana instance reaches its limit of active viewers but not its limit of active editor/admins, new editors and admins will still be able to sign in.
```

- You can change a user's billing role by updating their permissions in Grafana (their role or their dashboard/folder permissions). Their new role will go into effect the next time that user signs in.

> - Active user counts are not affected by the number of dashboards, folders, or orgs a user can edit or admin. An active user who can edit many dashboards or folders in many different orgs is still counted as a single editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Active user counts are not affected by the number of dashboards, folders, or organizations a user can edit or admin. An active user who can edit many dashboards or folders in many different orgs is still counted as a single editor.
```
